[Music]
welcome to slash forward and curse of
the puppetmaster the sixth installment
in the franchise let's get to it we step
outside the familiarity and comfort of
our normal timeline and open in a new
workshop the puppets are in cages and
the man we come to know as dr. McGrew is
lamenting his failure and absconded with
the concealed packages sometime he
drives into the woods and digs a shallow
grave in which he burns the mysterious
container
the next day we find Joey and the crew
pulling up in their five-oh looking to
fuel up he spends most of his time
trying to help Robert learn how to
better assert himself look at me when
you talk to me you're doing it again
then he gives him the old see you next
fall Jane dr. Berger whose daughter
intervenes when things turn ugly McGrew
steps up and does his best to incite
some violence but the situation is
defused by the station owner Robert in
the grew bond over his whittling skills
needing someone around with his capable
hands he offers him a job at $35 a week
and his daughter they drive back and
give him the Grand Tour which includes
revealing all of their deepest secrets
as they instantly show him the living
puppets at dinner they give a detailed
accounting of how it all works I just
don't understand how ah convinced me
McGrew got the puppets at an auction and
tried to recreate the magic but has been
unable the next day Robert is working
the door at the daytime matinee puppet
show it's standing room only and
everyone is having a good time until a
six-shooter fires on these cans in the
middle of a crowd the sheriff shows up
to ask about mcruiz prior assistant
who's gone missing
the Guru pleads ignorance and the
sheriff leaves on unnecessarily
aggressive terms Robert gets the rundown
on his new job duties in the workshop
really in this new timeline all you need
to do for living puppets is be good
enough to follow the directions very
exactly and pour your soul into it
literally giving us some idea of what
happened to the prior assistant at
dinner Robert is showing signs of
dedication to his puppet building as he
nods off while dr. McGrew waxes
philosophical with a constantly full
mouth
Robert shows how deep he's got the wood
fever when he dreams he himself as a
puppet he goes to the workshop to
continue working and Jane shows up she
distracts him enough that he injures
himself this allows them to have a
protracted conversation about his hands
and then things get sloppy it turns out
we've been duped again as Robert wakes
up during actual wakey time Jane takes
Robert to a special place she likes to
visit in the woods she claims that she's
never told anyone else
and doubts that anyone else has ever
been there but then they stumble on the
burned box from the introduction and
Joey in the game are hanging out in her
spot which is accessible by car Jane has
a protracted interaction with Joey where
she continuously runs into him for no
reason things start to get abusive
before Robert finally shows up and
expresses his true puppet nature in an
odd twist a little light choking and
everyone including Jane treats him like
a damn monster he was trying to save you
Joey decides to get his revenge on them
for interrupting his prior sexual
assault with a home invasion stylist all
this time he gets a throat hug from
pinhead who gets stopped for his efforts
McGrew collects the rest of the murder
squad and heads out while Robert begins
working on pinhead McGrew arrives at
Joey's house and releases the puppets
who find him blasting his pecs in the
back room blade ends up slashing his
face and then tunneler spends a little
time reaming out his taint back at home
Jane confides in her father letting him
know she's in love with Robert he
however knows that when the puppet is
done Robert is gone wanting to save her
from this he sends her off to pick up a
package that doesn't exist
McGrew attempts to finish the job on
Robert when the sheriff shows up the
puppets take care of them in turn using
mostly whatever stock footage is
available and McGrew finishes with
Robert and then the puppets for some
reason turn on him Jane gets home just
in time to find her dad dead and witness
Robert's transformation as he stares at
her soul asleep and that's the sixth
puppet master cobbled together with
footage from prior movies and shot in
eight days let's hope it gets better
from here I hope you enjoyed the video
and thanks for watching